---
 layout: post 
 title: 2018 Recap - 2019 Outlook
 comments: true
 tags: [Personal, Recap, Outlook]
---
This year was kind of a up an down for me, literally.

So let's have a look what happened this year.

1. I was working as a consultant earlier this year, wrote a lot posts the first quarter of the year, and was looking for a job in Graz to get a more stable income.
2. I started my pateron! This was/is well received, and I have to apologize to all my backers. This year did start very promising, but later on I lost track of writing. More about that later.
3. I [joined Ranorex]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2018-03-29-I-am-joining-ranorex %})!
4. I've got a working demo of my [XAF-Desktop-Bridge]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2018-04-15-how-to-use-the-desktop-bridge-to-create-an-appx-package-for-xaf %}) into the [Windows store](//www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/scissorsfeaturecenter/9n7lszbmn8vb). I was working on a blog post about this, but never published it so f[ar, cause it was quite tedious and I lost track of all the steps I needed to go trough. But maybe thats a task for next year. If anybody is interested, let me know in the comments!


Now stuff is getting hard for me to write, but I'll try anyway.

Then it started getting dark, very dark. 
I was lost in depression. I had 'depressions' for almost my whole life, but this was new, a new dimension of darkness. 
And then I did exactly the opposite what you should do when feeling depressed. I started to isolate my self, drunk way too much alcohol. Unable to get out of my room. Stopped eating. Stopped showing up at work. Getting up only to comp my hair, go to the toilet, getting on my shoes and go out to drink again. For almost a month. I thought everything is worthless anyway, especially myself.

My friends and family started to worry about me, but I'm good at hiding. Just don't be there where people are expecting to meet you. Don't be at home, going to places nobody would expect you. Graz is a small town, but large enough to submerge.
But my family and friends are tought as well. They didn't drop me. They were persistent. So one day they 'catch' me. And helped me to get professional help. I started with a local alcohol withdrawal therapy. I took drugs,  stopped drinking. I was motivated, getting up again, I was going to solve my problems! Once and for all! For one week everything was looking great, and then the darkness came back. Even darker than before. I didn't drink alcohol, but I lost all joy. Getting back into my room, hiding again, but this time with coffee and coke. Once again. Hello darkness my old friend...

But I was not alone, my family and friends helped me again. This time I didn't want to do the therapy on my own. I stayed in a special hospital for addiction medicine, where these lines originated. Now I know what I was hiding from. Mental illness. Depression is a thing. It is an illness, but it is handleable. And now I need to learn how to deal with it. Man I'm fluent in 5 programming languages, so I have to learn another one, my own body and brain one. Listen to my self and reply accoringly. And thank god, it's not visual basic ;)

So what's up next?

1. Getting well, starting to work again and start to enjoy life again!
2. 